Add a Quickstart Tutorial to the docs (#463)
MetOffice/CDDS: docs/tutorials/quickstart.md

    license = GCModelDev model data is licensed under the Open Government License v3 (https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/)
    mip = MOHCCP
    mip_era = GCModelDev
    sub_experiment_id = none
    variant_label = r1i1p1f3
    model_id = HadGEM3-GC31-LL
    model_type = AOGCM AER

    [common]
    mip_table_dir = $CDDS_ETC/mip_tables/GCModelDev/0.0.23
    mode = relaxed
    package = round-1
    workflow_basename = request_id
    root_proc_dir = $DATADIR/cdds_quickstart_tutorial/proc
    root_data_dir = $DATADIR/cdds_quickstart_tutorial/data

    [data]
    end_date = 1955-01-01T00:00:00Z
    mass_data_class = crum
    start_date = 1950-01-01T00:00:00Z
    model_workflow_id = u-bg466
    streams = ap5
    variable_list_file = $DATADIR/cdds_quickstart_tutorial/variables.txt

    [conversion]
    skip_extract = True
    skip_extract_validation = True
    skip_configure = False
    skip_qc = False
    skip_archive = True
    jasmin_account =
    ```

!!! question "What is GCModelDev?"

    You may notice in the above request examples that the `metadata` section references `GCModelDev` (and other non-CMIP6 terms), rather than CMIP6.

>     The `GCModelDev` project is an informal duplication of the CMIP6 Controlled Vocabulary and MIP tables that helps facilitate ad-hoc CMORisation for activities such as model development.

Reviewer: Add link to github repo -- shortly to be public

The `<stream>_concat` and `<stream>_mip_convert` directories are only used during processing and do not contain 

```
├── <stream>
│   └── <MIP Table>
│       └── <variable>
│           └── <file(s)>
```

If you are running the example at the Met Office and you did *not* switch off archiving (e.g. `skip_archive = True`), then the CMORised output will also have been archived to `mass`.
This will be stored in a location based on the request fields `output_mass_root` `output_mass_suffix` e.g., `moo ls moose:/adhoc/users/<username>/quickstart`.

## Adapting the Request

If you are wanting to CMORise data for publication then you should follow the relevant Operational Procedure.

## Useful Configuration Options

What follows are some examples of options that are useful to be aware of but the list is not exhaustive.
The full list of configuration options available in the request can be found in the [Request Configuration](request/config_request.md) tutorial.

### Adding More Variables

To process more variables you will first need to add the appropriate entry to the `variables.txt`.

```
<mip table>/<variable name>:<stream>
```

> If you have 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have the CMIP6 STASH configuration then you can use the `stream_mappings` command to add the stream field to each line for CMIP6 variables that CDDS has information for.
```

```bash
stream_mappings
```

### Relaxed Mode

> The example `request.cfg` configuration given in this tutorial

Reviewer: finish sentence?

By changing the mode to `relaxed` this allows the user to provide arbitrary metadata values that do not exist in the CV's.
This is particularly useful for model development work.

```ini
[common]
mode = relaxed
```

### Global Attributes

> Arbitrary netcdf global attributes can be added to the CMORised files using the following 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arbitrary netcdf global attributes can be added to the CMORised files by adding entries to the `[netcdf_global_attributes]` section of the request file e.g.
```
